hey guys what's up welcome to my review
of the just mobile a loop n twist l and
this is a product from just loba which
costs forty dollars however that price
point is just available by the quality
which can be seen by this ABS plastic
and aluminium construction it's very
nice to hold and also it's completely
replaceable so you can get replacement
stylus tips or you can get a replacement
pen it's a shame it d one refill ugly
and also the twisting method is really
nice you can see it's locked right now I
twisted this way I get a pen if I
twisted the other way I get a stylus and
now the stylus is really nice you can
see I have my ipod here and it works
surprisingly well so you can see you
don't have to put too much pressure and
it works in most angles as you can see
except in that for if you hold it too um
and I explain it at a very low angle it
does not work too well but you know if
this rubber is touching the screen it
will definitely work so that is really
nice thing about this pen and if you
twist it you see it just goes back in
it's now protected and then you can just
twist the other way around and you got a
really nice pen it's here right name
it's really smooth and it's awesome
especially because you can replace it so
you know it's a great little pen that
accompanies your style your iPad which
is probably the most like the device you
will use this with ya guys it's a really
nice stylus and i really recommend you
check out the website for some of the
other products including the just mobile
a loop and pro which is a really really
nice stylus and yeah they have a ton of
other products like the gum battery
backup and some really really nice
products i highly recommend you guys
check that out see you guys in my next
review